To run a LAFP-GUI.jar on Windows, Mac or Linux, follow these steps:
1. Verify that Java is installed on your computer
2. Double click the LAFP-GUI.jar to automatically run.
3. the Jar file can be run on the command line or terminal window id a double-clicking fails.

To perform a query in the LAFP-GUI user-interface, follow these steps:
1. Download example dataset that expressed in DLGP files. These file are in Example Dataset folder. There are two types of the DLGP files.
   One expresses knownledge bases that include facts, rules, constraints (for example LUMP Example.dlgp).
   One expresses preferences among facts (for example, LUMP Preferences.dlgp).
   We also give a BIO-RDF.rdf file that is an orginal file (that expresses all statement in RDF) of the BIO Example.dlgp.

2. LOAD button to upload the example DLGP file (i.e., LUMP example.dlgp) to see knowledge bases.

3. Since we consider preferences among facts, choose PREFERENCES button to upload the DLGP file (i.e., LUMP Preferences.dlgp).

4. TRANSFER button to transfer from KBs to LAFP argumentation framework. In this state, the stable, preffered, or
   grounded extensions are displayed as well.

5. Enter a query. Note that we only consider a Boolean query. The systax of the query should be in the right form (for example, professor(ann))

6. QUERY to perform the query. SHIFT ANOTHER QUERY if you want to change a new query.

7. There are three types of explanations that user can choose. 
   These are "Why is the answer certain?", "Why is not the answer?", "Why is the answer credulous?", "why is the answer accepted under grounded semantics?"
   Please choose one of them to consider explanations for the entered query.

8. To start a dialogue, follow these sub-steps:

	NOTE: In the case of choosing "Why is the answer crecudous?", these step starting a dialogue is different with another cases.
	In this step, there are special sub-steps for the case of choosing "Why is the answer credulous?".
	To explain why the answer is credulous, there are two cases: the answer is accepted under some extensions, and
	the answer is not accepted under some extensions. Then, 
		(a) CHOOSE CASE button will be displayed;
		(b) Please choose one of two cases to start a dialogue; 
		(c) After choosing CHOOSE CASE button, please follow these steps:
	
			8.1 EXPLAIN button to start the dialogue.
			8.2 SEND to continue the dialogue. Please choose SEND if you want to continue the dialogue.
				If you see the utterance displays "OK! I understand.", then the dialogue has ended.
			8.3 TERMINATE CURRENT DIALOGUE if you want to end the current dialogue.
			8.4 SHIFT ANOTHER DIALOGUE if you want to change a new dialogue.
	
	For another cases, these sub-steps begins at Step 8.1







